From:	Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com>
Sent:	Monday, December 7, 2020 4:31 PM
To:	Lance Mason
Subject:	Re: State of Florida versus Lance Mason

Follow Up Flag:	Follow up
Flag Status:	Flagged

Categories:	Lauren

Good evening Mr. Mason,

I have received the videos in your case. If and when I have any updates regarding your case, I will inform 
you. I am currently preparing for court next week, but we can schedule a phone appointment for later 
this week to discuss your case. Does Wednesday, December 9 at 1:30 work for you? Please let me know.

Also, please remember that we have a hearing before the Judge tomorrow morning (12/8) at 9am. I 
have included the Zoom information below. You can appear either via video or phone. As a reminder, I 
will be there to represent you. Please recall that everything during the hearing will be recorded and 
could potentially be used against you in the future. The hearing is just to address the alleged Pre-Trial 
Release Violation, the Judge will not be addressing any other issues in your case. Please let me know if 
you have any questions. If you could, please email me back confirming you have received this and will be 
present tomorrow morning. 


https://zoom.us/j/93361334004?pwd=OEJacXBwYlpYWTR3WUZxSUs1Q3JsZz09
Meeting ID: 933 6133 4004
Passcode: 996076
One tap mobile
+17866351003


Thanks,
Lauren Brooker

On Fri, Dec 4, 2020 at 4:31 PM Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> wrote:
Lauren
I haven’t heard back from you this week. Have you seen the video of the arrest? It is different 
from the narrative by a hundred miles.
Can you talk to the dean of the business school to see if they are ok with all this?
Is it not material that they were aware that the truck was a gift and that I offered to show the 
title but they refused to see it?
https://youtu.be/Wqv4tELJexM
This was right before the last call you heard. It was 11/2 
Can we set up a phone call
 
From: Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> 
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 8:39:19 PM 
To: Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com> 
Subject: Re: State of Florida versus Lance Mason 
this is just a first preliminary email but can I infer from your email that we have not gotten back 
discovery? it seems unjust that my rights have been diminished, having to account for pretrial 
release while the prosecution cannot produce the discovery. are they not under some duty to 
produce at our repeated demand before I am brought before a judge on the process? isn't it 
more serious that they can't produce the evidence against me? isn't that putting the cart before 
the horse? how is it that one is on The fast track and one is on a slow boat to China? isn't it 
noteworthy that they were able to produce, with Dropbox links within the hour for selected body 
cam video and no scope limitation, and 50 days and counting to produce the remainder? I 
assume you heard the interview with me and the sergeant. there are so many holes in the story 
between the police and my parents that it'll take another email and a while to compile them. I'll 
tell you something that jumped off the page at me on the police report is that my mother has 
already admitted and the police have understood that the car was given to me as a gift. do they 
not know the rules on that and that they contradict the very foundation of their principal 
argument?
I'll write more and you will have a list of people and the reasons they will have information
 
From: Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com> 
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 9:34:24 AM 
To: Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> 
Subject: Re: State of Florida versus Lance Mason 
Good morning Mr. Mason, 
Please send me any information you think would be helpful for your case and I can have my 
investigator reach out to them. 
Additionally, the Judge has special set a hearing for us on December 8 at 9am regarding the alleged 
violation of pretrial release. Please be sure to be available at that time and once I have the Zoom 
information I will send it to you. Just a reminder to not discuss the facts of your case and remember 
that everything you say will be on the record. As far as any emails or whatnot, please do not respond to 
any even if they are the mass emails sent from FSU. 
If you have any further questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Lauren Brooker
On Fri, Nov 27, 2020 at 5:17 PM Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> wrote:
hey Lauren,
just checking to see if we've gotten anything back. there are some additional witnesses I would like to 
add if they want to continue forward
thanks Lance
Get Outlook for Android
 

-- 
Lauren Brooker
Attorney at Law
Office of the Public Defender
Second Judicial Circuit of Florida
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
 


-- 
Lauren Brooker
Attorney at Law
Office of the Public Defender
Second Judicial Circuit of Florida
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
