From:	Lance Mason
Sent:	Friday, December 11, 2020 9:11 AM
To:	Lauren Brooker
Subject:	Re: hearing

Follow Up Flag:	Flag for follow up
Flag Status:	Flagged

Categories:	Key Item, Lauren

Lauren

I did get the voicemail.
I'm calling the FBI later today. https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/civil-rights
under color of law nearly every sentence applies except for excessive force and sexual assault. I don't 
know if you saw the map but ever since a conversation with Rob blue that I'll send you a link to and the 
ensuing war with my parents who were BFF with his partner, there seems to be a zero tolerance policy 
in Northwest Florida against me using my computer. there have been numerous instances of which FSU 
is just the latest, where I believe my fourth amendment rights have been infringed upon. I've wondered 
how it is that my cousin whose house I was living at after hurricane Michael would choose to call my 
Uncle Dennis in Georgia when I was outside their house,why he would direct them to call Pensacola 
Police, or why they would show up with five marked units and want to search my car. same with 
Panama City who just after going to the same lawyer my mom recommended to the exclusion of every 
other lawyer, dispatched a detective who knew me by name and wanted to search my car. Tallahassee 
as you know has been a collection of unexplained behaviors that I bet is not a recurring pattern.
then I'm thinking how would my mom and her brother and cousin, none in law enforcement, be able to 
marshall these forces against me. just before my parents physically assaulted me, my mom said of the 
incident in Pensacola that it had all been Dennis my uncle. she didn't find that noteworthy. and she 
didn't even call him to inquire why. my mom has no problem laying into my Uncle Dennis so I was 
wondering why she didn't even mention it to him when he tried to have me jailed. then I remember 
another cousin that was also there for my grandmother's funeral with the same last name as the first 
cousins maiden name and he is in the Florida state troopers. 
I will bet you dollars to donuts that there was no 911 call in Pensacola and I'm super interested to hear 
how the morning incident in Tallahassee originated.
just let me know when you want to talk on the phone. I'd like to today if you can.
thanks 
lance


Get Outlook for Android
 
From: Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com> 
Sent: Friday, December 11, 2020 8:30:43 AM 
To: Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> 
Subject: Re: hearing 
Good morning Mr. Mason,

I’m not sure if you’ve received my voicemail or not. I am excusing you from court next week and will be 
continuing your case. But I would like for us to schedule a phone appointment before your next court 
date. Please let me know if you have any questions.


Thanks,
Lauren Brooker

On Thu, Dec 10, 2020 at 3:56 PM Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> wrote:
lauren,

have you seen the video? I've sent a Google doc to you and at the bottom there's a list of 12 or 13 
things that they just left off of their narrative.
I'd like to get them on the hook right now about that.
I also like to get an acknowledgment that the administration is even aware of this. I'm in alumnus and 
this certainly wasn't in the recruiting literature. I can establish a direct link between my professor and 
her son who I've got on the hook for fraud hands down. there's some reasonable doubt I would think 
and you don't even know the half yet.
I've been reluctant to put that out there because I don't think that they really know anything about all 
this. if they do and are okay with it it'll be out there on display very quickly as it is great evidence in 
both cases civil and criminal. 
can you just send me a copy of the videos also

Get Outlook for Android
-- 
Lauren Brooker
Attorney at Law
Office of the Public Defender
Second Judicial Circuit of Florida
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
