From:	Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com>
Sent:	Monday, November 9, 2020 11:38 AM
To:	Lance Mason
Subject:	Re: Lance Mason

Follow Up Flag:	Flag for follow up
Flag Status:	Flagged

Categories:	Key Item, Lauren

Good afternoon Mr. Mason,

As of right now, I don't have any updates for you since I am still waiting on discovery in your case. You 
are set for court tomorrow, November 10th at 8:30 am, however the courthouse remains closed to the 
public, so this court appearance will be via Zoom. You can keep up with Leon County Courthouse 
closures here: http://2ndcircuit.leoncountyfl.gov/. You can also sign up for electronic notices (instead of 
mail) here: https://enotify.flcourts.org/User/Signup. I will be present and am excusing you if you have 
other things going on that day. If you would like to attend, just follow the instructions on your court 
notice. I will be continuing your case and in the meantime I'd like to set up a time for us to discuss your 
case before your next court date. Please let me know if you have any questions.


Thanks,
Lauren Brooker

On Fri, Nov 6, 2020 at 2:46 PM Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> wrote:

Hello

I'm a client as it were and have a court date at 8:30 on Monday. This is a railroad job and I'll explain as 
much about the larger civil case from which this case arises.

I'm not sure if you got the discovery back but if it's missing the incident itself it might raise some 
questions. 

Listen to this recorded phone conversation with the third guy from the FSU PD. It's as if he was going 
down a list for reasons to trespass me from my alma mater, each shot down in turn by me. He finally 
settled on that I could call the chief to which I responded that he was already their agent and had 
extended himself into making false allegations so why were we stopping there?
My number is 850-819-8817.

Thank you in advance.
Lance

https://youtu.be/Boan9A4laL8



 


-- 
Lauren Brooker
Public Defender's Office
Certified Legal Intern
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
