From:	Lance Mason <turncoatenergy@gmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, February 9, 2021 4:46 PM
To:	Lauren Brooker
Cc:	Alexander Kontos
Subject:	Re: Watch "Additional discovery requested" on YouTube

Follow Up Flag:	Follow up
Flag Status:	Flagged

Congratulations.  What division?

Can you go ahead and just forward the email you received with the dropbox links to the bodycam?  I'm 
assuming that they did it that way because that is how they sent it to me. 
The timing is critical on that.   This is going directly to the FBI.
 Did they send the complete bodycam video, incidents one and two, BEFORE Sergeant Collier and Officer 
Gaskins sought to violate my pretrial?


I want to see the actual message and the video with some verifiable time stamps.  This is not the first 
time i have asked for this and you can understand that within the context of all the rest, the fact that i 
have yet to see it is becoming more and more suspicious to me.  It's unfortunate the timing of your 
move, as i still would love to have your assessment of the video that you saw and how that jived 
with the narrative.



 Same thing with the call to the administration. Who is the highest administration official that has 
acknowledged this case? I've requested to speak to the dean of the Business School. We can do a zoom 
meeting so that prosecutor and judge and my pretrial officer can verify that it will be all business. 

 Sergeant Collier Did not overperform if you'll listen to that phone call and I did exactly what he asked by 
the way. I'm not a lawyer but I believe that we have some Fourth Amendment unreasonable seizure, 
due process, and right of redress problems. I'm trying to figure out why we haven't done a motion to 
dismiss long before now. My mother needs to be deposed yesterday, among others but her right off the 
bat. 

On Mon, Feb 8, 2021, 8:01 AM Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com> wrote:
Good morning Mr. Mason,

I have recently moved divisions so my colleague, Alexander Kontos, has taken over your case. I have 
CC'd him on this email so he has this additional information. If you have any questions, please let him 
know.



Thanks,
Lauren Brooker

On Mon, Feb 8, 2021 at 8:11 AM Lance Mason <turncoatenergy@gmail.com> wrote:
https://youtu.be/ddSEFGlGvSU 
 


-- 
Lauren Brooker
Attorney at Law
Office of the Public Defender
Second Judicial Circuit of Florida
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
