From:	Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, January 5, 2021 10:50 AM
To:	Lance Mason
Subject:	Re: Phone and guidance on withdrawing from a conspiracy

Follow Up Flag:	Flag for follow up
Flag Status:	Flagged

Categories:	Mom, Lauren

Good afternoon Mr. Mason,

I just got off the phone with Officer Gaskins at the pretrial office and let her know you were having 
difficulty contacting her due to having no minutes. She said no problem and to call in next week. Thank 
you for contacting me and let me know if you have any further issues. Please let me know if you are 
available on January 8th at 11am for a phone appointment. 


Thanks,
Lauren Brooker

On Tue, Jan 5, 2021 at 11:32 AM Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com> wrote:
Pat,
I have no way to call my pre-trial since I have no minutes. Since I cannot easily contact the FBI without 
a phone, can I get some minutes and I’ll pay you back?
Since you orchestrated the FSU incident and won’t now provide a written statement about it, I was 
thinking maybe you could make it easier to contact (PREtrial, attorney, FBI) that are a result of your 
coordinated efforts with the FSU PD.
Withdrawing from a conspiracy
https://www.fletc.gov/audio/federal-conspiracy-law-mp3
Just as the law recognizes that a person can join an on-going conspiracy, the law also 
recognizes that an individual may withdraw from a Conspiracy prior to its completion. 
Withdrawal from a Conspiracy requires more than simply no longer participating. To withdraw 
from a Conspiracy, there are two basic requirements: First – the person must do some 
affirmative act inconsistent with the goals of the Conspiracy. Unless the co-conspirator can 
demonstrate that he quit the Conspiracy, his or her participation in the Conspiracy is presumed 
to continue. Second – the co-conspirator must do some affirmative act that is reasonably 
calculated to communicate to a fellow co-conspirator, or law enforcement, that he has 
withdrawn from the Conspiracy. Withdrawal from a Conspiracy is an affirmative defense that 
must be raised and proven by the defendant
I don’t know if that’s enough of an argument for you to make, but it is a start. 
Thanks in advance.
Lauren,
Please contact my pre trial and let them know. I’ll try to have minutes by the end of the day.
New video
https://youtu.be/kQoQUQj1g0U
 


-- 
Lauren Brooker
Attorney at Law
Office of the Public Defender
Second Judicial Circuit of Florida
(850) 606-1000
(850) 391-8569
