From:	Lance Mason <lpmasoncpa@gmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, January 12, 2021 4:43 AM
To:	Lance Mason
Subject:	Fwd: change of email address and attorney


---------- Forwarded message --------- 
From: Lance Mason <lpmasoncpa@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, Jan 12, 2021, 4:35 AM 
Subject: change of email address and attorney 
To: lauren brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com>

From: Lance Mason <lance@lancemason.com>
Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 4:09 AM
To: Lauren Brooker
Subject: Re: Lauren

Ms. Brooker

switching computers does not seem like something unforeseeable or unusual. for it to cause you to lose 
the critical evidence I've been asking for for 3 months, when you can just forward the email they sent 
you, does not make me more comfortable.
Sergeant Collier was Johnny on the spot in getting my pre-trial violated he hoped, for doing something 
like trying to get my property back or the body cam video at issue. I believe that there are serious 
violations and this is going to the FBI just as soon as I can get it to them.
I do not want to give them another opportunity to whitewash it as my civil rights are horse traded away. 
I want to see the original email that the links to dropbox were provided to you. that should be 
independent of whoever has your old computer as it's just your email inbox 
as an aside I'm curious who had your old computer and how come you didn't just get it off of that one 
but I digress.
and just to be clear I'm not talking about only the second incident I'm talking about the entire first and 
second incident from the begin time to the end time of the report. the first incident was 2 hours and 15 
minutes and there were five officers. I have about 15 minutes or so on that one and zero on the second 
incident. let's just avoid the round trip if they didn't provide that so that we don't have to come back 
and ask me again and add a week. my mom is trying to starve me out I don't know if you heard the video 
of them assaulting me just after I mentioned that it was curious that her brother was trying to get me 
arrested and she didn't so much as utter a peep. you probably don't know that the bar has disappeared 
a case number that was written in my grandmother's handwriting. these are the kind of things that I 
already know and that are a waste of time for me to tell you and hope you can interpret them the way 
that I want or that you might not be as aggressive as i can in noting civil rights violations and a 
nightmare for Florida State administration and their alumni program.
also something I've been asking is does the administration have anything to say on the record about 
this? I would like to know the name of that person and their statement. 
I do not need to schedule a conference with you sometime out in the future because I'm taking the case 
over temporarily at least. 
we can't have a review as to what has been done so that we don't have a duplication but I think it's far 
more effective if I am directing the questions without the filter and the delay and the need to work 
together in the future that I don't have with them. I would just as soon see them in jail if my suspicions 
are correct about this. hopefully the FBI will be able to shed some light

Get Outlook for Android

From: Lauren Brooker <lauren.brooker@flpd2.com>
Sent: Monday, January 4, 2021, 11:42 AM
To: Lance Mason
Subject: Re: Lauren

Mr. Mason,

I have reviewed the video footage, however I have since switched computers. The State is re-sending 
the footage over so I can download and save the footage. I understand this is a frustrating process, but 
please know that I am working on your case even if I have no current updates for you. I had a 
cancellation, so I am free for a phone appointment on January 8th at 11am. Please let me know if you 
are available so we can review and discuss your case. If you have any questions that I can answer over 
email, I would be more than happy to do so.


